The Town of Rubio and the Reckoning.
There was a town called Rubio and it was a peaceful place for many to reside.
However, an unnatural event called the Reckoning comes to the town every 10 years.
This "Reckoning" is similar to a destructive hurricane that wipes out entire towns.
Anyhow, A member of the town namned John Smith became invovled in various activities that were not very legal.
He came to be the most stealthy pickpocketer of the Rubio and became very wealthy after 9 years of stealing.
An announcement was made to the town letting all the townsfolk know that the Reckoning would be arriving in seven days.
The first day of the Gerbin ( the name of the last week before the reckoning )many people started helping the survival effort in order to prevent as much damage as they could that the Reckoning would bring.
For John Smith, the first day of the Gerbin was filled with bartering and stealing like normal.
As the townsfolk continued to help the town, on the second day John began spending his money rapidly on new tools, plotting for murdering the king of the town, Columnus.
The townsfolk were barely making any progress and on the third day many of them were busy getting drunk in the bar expecting the worst to come no matter what effort they made.
The survival effort was not going so well.
The fourth day was an day where John could infiltrate the castle and murder the king Columnus. Murdering Colmnus in cold blood, the town was terrified and now under the command of John Smith.
John Smith realized that the fifth day had arrived and John had terrorized the town collecting all valuables they owned.
On the sixth day the town of Rubio became a nest for slaves and citizens did whatever John commanded.
The final day was here, everything seemed completely hopeless and they were all as good as dead, However...
John Smith had secretly created a bunker for the whole town to hide and be covered in and all would be okay.
John didn't seem like that much of a bad person, so the whole town had nothing to lose and went inside the bunker John had made.
The town never let John enter the bunker and soon the Reckoning came and John was no more.
The town rejoiced as they lived and starting rebuilding the town.
A new ruler came to be and the town went back to its peaceful life for the next decade.
Then the next Reckoning destroyed everyone and everything the next decade.
The End.